Name: Hua Zhao
Date:
 9/28/2019
Project: 03-Text-adventure
Peer's repository: https://github.com/hhhzhao/03-Text-adventure-1.git 




What is something you learned by reviewing your peer's project?

 

	I noticed that my peer's '.json' file is based on the game 'zork' which professor provided to us. 
My peer made a lot of changes into the game and made it become funnier. When the user enter in each phrase,
it will give some instruction of what should we do next step. And the game indicate moves and points, it 
is good as well.
What is something you saw in your peer's project that you would like to apply to your own programming projects?
	I will apply moves and ponits into my game. I think it will make my game more competitive. I would like to 
add more instructions into my game as well so that user will not get confuse about the game. 
What suggestions would you have for your peer to improve his/her code?
	When user entered the game, I got confuse about what should I do next. I tried several times and I found out
that when I typed 'enter'. The system will allow me to enter the game. Otherwise, the game's instruction is very well.
Also, when the game end, it is better to exit the loop instead of keep asking user 'what would you like to do'.
What could have been clearer or better commented?
	It will be better to add more comment into the code so the user will suddenly understand what each line of code is doing. 
Was there anything in the code that was confusing to you? If so, what?
	The code is not confusing to me at all. Overall it looks nice.

Does the repository contain an appropriate LICENSE?
	Yes, it contains an appropriate LICENSE
What is something he/she could add to the README.md to make it more descriptive?
	For the readme.md, it is better to introduce more about the game and teach what the user should do when they open 
the game.
Pay a compliment to your peer based on the quality of his/her code.
	9.6/10 because of the misunderstanding of the enter phrase and the end of the game.